G;Gimnasio de pokemones de copyapastas; 15; 3
L;Misty
P;What the fuck did you just fucking say about me, you little bitch? I'll have you know I graduated top of my class in the Navy Seals, and I've been involved in numerous secret raids on Al-Quaeda, and I have over 300 confirmed kills. I am trained in gorilla warfare and I'm the top sniper in the entire US armed forces. You are nothing to me but just another target. I will wipe you the fuck out with precision the likes of which has never been seen before on this Earth, mark my fucking words. You think you can get away with saying that shit to me over the Internet? Think again, fucker. As we speak I am contacting my secret network of spies across the USA and your IP is being traced right now so you better prepare for the storm, maggot. The storm that wipes out the pathetic little thing you call your life. You're fucking dead, kid. I can be anywhere, anytime, and I can kill you in over seven hundred ways, and that's just with my bare hands. Not only am I extensively trained in unarmed combat, but I have access to the entire arsenal of the United States Marine Corps and I will use it to its full extent to wipe your miserable ass off the face of the continent, you little shit. If only you could have known what unholy retribution your little "clever" comment was about to bring down upon you, maybe you would have held your fucking tongue. But you couldn't, you didn't, and now you're paying the price, you goddamn idiot. I will shit fury all over you and you will drown in it. You're fucking dead, kiddo.; 50; 40; 50
P;So we back in the mine, got our pick axe swinging from side to side, Side, side to side This task a grueling one, hope to find some diamonds tonight, night, night Diamonds tonight Heads up, you hear a sound, turn around and look up, total shock fills your body, Oh no it's you again, I could never forget those eyes, eyes, eyes, Eyes, eyes, eyes 'Cause baby tonight, the creeper's trying to steal all our stuff again, 'Cause baby tonight, you grab your pick, shovel and bolt again, And run, run until it's done, done, until the sun comes up in the morn' 'Cause baby tonight, the creeper's trying to steal all our stuff again Just when you think you're safe, overhear some hissing from right behind, Right, right behind That's a nice life you have, shame it's gotta end at this time, time, time, Time, time, time, time Blows up, then your health; 90; 50; 60
P;Own a musket for home defense, since that's what the founding fathers intended. Four ruffians break into my house. "What the devil?" As I grab my powdered wig and Kentucky rifle. Blow a golf ball sized hole through the first man, he's dead on the spot. Draw my pistol on the second man, miss him entirely because it's smoothbore and nails the neighbors dog. I have to resort to the cannon mounted at the top of the stairs loaded with grape shot, "Tally ho lads" the grape shot shreds two men in the blast, the sound and extra shrapnel set off car alarms. Fix bayonet and charge the last terrified rapscallion. He Bleeds out waiting on the police to arrive since triangular bayonet wounds are impossible to stitch up. Just as the founding fathers intended.; 40; 50; 30
E;Nadador Luis
P;Writing this on mobile, sorry for bad formatting, also english is my 6th language so there might be one wrong word, TLDR at the bottom. Obligatory not a teacher, but my sister's friend's stepbrother's boss's daughter's friend's mom's cousin's dog's breeder's brother's coworker's father's youtube channel had a comment where some guy talked about a post he saw on tumblr that referenced an instagram post from this one girl who posted on reddit and had a comment where there was this guy who knew this guy who knew this guy who knew this guy who knew this guy who knew this guy who knew this guy who knew this guy who knew this guy who knew this guy who knew this guy who knew this guy who knew this guy who knew this guy's cousin who was friends with a girl who's mom was a teacher. Anyways she said that a student one time turned in a meme instead of an essay. Haha!; 45; 30; 20
P;Shellder; 30;20;45